starter/ui/dashboard/LeftMenu.java
 starter.ui.dashboard.LeftMenu
starter/tasks/signup/DoSignUpStep1.java
 starter.tasks.signup.DoSignUpStep1
starter/stepdefinitions/LoginStepDefinitions.java
 starter.stepdefinitions.LoginStepDefinitions
starter/stepdefinitions/StepDefinitions2.java
 starter.stepdefinitions.StepDefinitions2
starter/ui/dashboard/CreditAvailable.java
 starter.ui.dashboard.CreditAvailable
starter/questions/signUp/SignUpOverviewData.java
 starter.questions.signUp.SignUpOverviewData
starter/ui/search/SearchFor.java
 starter.ui.search.SearchFor
starter/stepdefinitions/CommonStepDefinitions.java
 starter.stepdefinitions.CommonStepDefinitions
starter/ui/signup/SignUpStep1.java
 starter.ui.signup.SignUpStep1
starter/ui/search/SearchResult.java
 starter.ui.search.SearchResult
starter/ui/signup/SignUpStep4.java
 starter.ui.signup.SignUpStep4
starter/CucumberTestSuite.java
 starter.CucumberTestSuite
starter/tasks/signup/DoSignUpStep2.java
 starter.tasks.signup.DoSignUpStep2
starter/ui/search/SearchResultList.java
 starter.ui.search.SearchResultList
starter/tasks/login/DoLogin.java
 starter.tasks.login.DoLogin
starter/ui/WelcomePage.java
 starter.ui.WelcomePage
starter/ui/login/LoginForm.java
 starter.ui.login.LoginForm
starter/matchers/StringContainsIgnoringCase.java
 starter.matchers.StringContainsIgnoringCase
starter/navigation/NavigateTo.java
 starter.navigation.NavigateTo
starter/stepdefinitions/StepDefinitions1.java
 starter.stepdefinitions.StepDefinitions1
starter/conf/SetTheStage.java
 starter.conf.SetTheStage
starter/conf/SessionVariables.java
 starter.conf.SessionVariables
starter/ui/signup/SignUpStep3.java
 starter.ui.signup.SignUpStep3
starter/stepdefinitions/SignupStepDefinitions.java
 starter.stepdefinitions.SignupStepDefinitions
starter/stepdefinitions/SearchOnDuckDuckGoStepDefinitions.java
 starter.stepdefinitions.SearchOnDuckDuckGoStepDefinitions
starter/ui/dashboard/DashboardPage.java
 starter.ui.dashboard.DashboardPage
starter/tasks/signup/DoSignUpStep3.java
 starter.tasks.signup.DoSignUpStep3
starter/ui/search/SearchForm.java
 starter.ui.search.SearchForm
starter/questions/dashboard/OverviewData.java
 starter.questions.dashboard.OverviewData
starter/questions/WelcomePage.java
 starter.questions.WelcomePage
starter/ui/dashboard/FinancialOverview.java
 starter.ui.dashboard.FinancialOverview
starter/navigation/UTestHomePage.java
 starter.navigation.UTestHomePage
starter/ui/signup/SignUpStep2.java
 starter.ui.signup.SignUpStep2
starter/tasks/signup/DoSignUpStep4.java
 starter.tasks.signup.DoSignUpStep4
